Is the destiny of mankind controlled
by some transcendental entity or Law?
Is it like the hand of
God hovering above?
At least it is true...
...that man has no
control, even over his own will.
T-This is...
The Egg of the King!
I see!
I know this scheme well...
It's your fault...
You put Griffith in danger,
and almost got him killed...
It's all your fault!
Feel no shame about shape.
Weather changes the phrase.
Even mother will
show you another way.
So, put your glasses on.
Nothing will be wrong.
There's no blame, there's no fame.
It's up to you.
The first words should be found.
Whatever holds you back.
I...
... can...
I can get it off.
Tell me what...
Tell me what you want.
I don't know why...
I don't know why you are afraid.
Tell me what...
Tell me what you'd say.
I don't know why...
Too late...
It's too late.
The Sword's Owner
Have you heard about
the trouble with the Hawks?
I have...
They suffered serious
losses during a recent battle.
I can't say for certain, but...
...soldiers claim they encountered some
kind of huge demon in Chuder's castle.
A huge demon?
I declare it to be a falsehood...
...designed to draw
attention away from their failure.
It's no better than a child's trick!
However, Griffith ultimately succeeded
in securing the castle's surrender.
We may not accuse them of
failure, yet they did suffer serious losses.
Besides, it is rumored that
Griffith will be raised to the peerage.
Aye, I've heard that as well.
Really, it is true?
His reputation with king has continued
to rise, due to his recent achievements.
This is very irritating!
Why should the king give
that title to a mercenary?
He is...
The commander of
the Hawk's Raiders...
You've had a
terrible experience in battle.
I heard that you encountered
a demon on the battlefield.
I wonder if it was the
demon that injured you?
Perhaps you saw a dog in the
dark, and thought it was a monster.
That is likely!
Y-You...
Sorry, I'm unsteady on my
feet because of my wounds.
D-Damn you!
My blade hungers for you...
Bastard...
Guts!
What's going on?
You're all out here.
Are you well enough to walk?
Yeah...
It's all your fault!
Just forget it.
No one blames you.
Caska just said that
because she was frantic back there.
And, what are you up to?
We want to visit Griffith.
But...
There are visitors here already.
Ministers and bishops,
big shots in the royal court...
The world is as kind
as it is cruel, so to speak.
Some of the senior statesmen
despise Griffith and regard him as...
...an upstart mercenary commoner.
Meanwhile, others try to gain his
favor to secure their future in the court.
I get it...
Maybe we've just
been taking it for granted...
...but Griffith has been invincible so far.
Basically, he is the leader of
the strongest unit in Midland's army.
Well, then...
Where to?
Hey!
Wait!
You weren't listening, were you?
I was.
So what?
Don't give me that!
I'm telling you to wait here until
Griffith finishes receiving his guests.
That doesn't matter at all.
I just want to visit an injured friend.
Guts!
I'm going!
You are not allowed in!
Please wait until the meeting is over.
You...
Sorry.
Big idiot...
Ricket, will you come with me?
T-That's all right...
Okay...
Hey, Griffith...
I'm sick of this.
Stop trying to...
What's the meaning of this?
Why?
Why are you always like this?
Why does Griffith value you so much?
Hey, Guts!
That spoiled everything.
I'll come back later!
I think...
I understand Guts' feelings somewhat.
After all, Griffith has
been unapproachable lately...
He's been like a stranger...
You...
...should have been
killed by Griffith back there!
You don't care at all about your men.
You're just a mad dog!
Why...
Why are you always like this?
It's all your fault!
Shit!
What the hell does she mean?
My, you're on edge.
Griffith.
You seem to be able
to wield your sword...
...despite the fact you were
beaten much more soundly than I was.
You are quite a tough one.
I apologize about yesterday.
I heard everyone came to visit me.
Taking advantage of my injury...
...those ministers condescendingly
visit me every single clay.
To be honest, they are truly annoying.
I'm without any choice, however.
Nosferatu Zodd...
To think that such an
enormous monster really exists...
Part of me feels as if that
encounter was some kind of nightmare.
But, on the other hand...
...it is evident that such an...
...enormous being exists, even
though it is beyond human knowledge.
I would say...
...that it might be something like a god.
It was more like a demon, wasn't it?
Who knows?
It's all the same.
By the way, how was I saved?
I passed out in the middle of the fight.
It was because of that
thing around your neck.
If you and this man truly regard each
other as friends, then be mindful of this...
When this man's ambition crumbles...
...you will be
destined to face your death!
Your death is absolutely unavoidable!
Zodd certainly recognized that thing...
This seems to protect me from evil.
I've got to thank that
old fortune-teller woman.
I think...
I owe you again.
Tell me why.
Three years ago...
...you told me that you didn't
want to lose an outstanding soldier.
I am just a warrior serving you.
But, you were about
lose your life for me...
...who is only a mere soldier.
It's not the kind of thing that
happens to a levelheaded guy like you.
Why?
Oh dear, I thought we
finished up that talk three years ago.
There's no reason...
...in particular.
Do you want a reason?
Do you really need a reason...
...each time I decide to
lay my life on the line for you?
No, I just...
Oh, Sir White Hawk.
You seem to have gotten better.
Your Majesty!
Hey, Guts!
How dare you be discourteous
in His Majesty's presence!
Never mind that, raise your heads.
I'm just getting some air.
But, Your Majesty...
Everybody in the castle
has grown excited because...
...of all the war councils.
Alas, I do not have
time to regain my composure.
Let me introduce you...
...this is my younger
brother, the Earl of Yurius.
He is the General of the White
Dragons and next in line to the throne.
I am Griffith, pleased to
make your acquaintance.
My lord, Griffith...
I am always proud when you
capably lead the Hawks to victory.
That is very kind.
Forgetting my old age, your
dauntless courage in battle...
...even makes me burn for a fight!
It reminds me of
those days of my youth...
...when I worked alongside
my subjects in the war effort.
Majesty, you shall not talk with a
mere unit commander, it is improper.
I do not mind talking with him.
The truth be told...
...some senior statesmen in the royal
court are displeased by your presence.
Alarmed by your influence...
...they are concerned
that your common birth...
...might affect the
prestige of the Midland army.
However, neither prestige
nor status brings us triumph...
...much less welfare for my people.
We live in a turbulent age.
Hence, I am greatly depending
upon exceptional people like yourself...
...rather than aristocratic generals
who are tied up in old traditions...
...for I am committed to building
a strong foundation for my land.
Once again, I am very
much obliged to Your Majesty.
Who is that lady over there?
Oh...
She is my daughter, Charlotte.
She is very shy.
According to her, she is
frightened of haughty warriors...
...so she rarely
comes out of the palace.
Charlotte, come over here.
She is a very private person.
That is because she is my
only daughter, so I spoil her.
Forgive her, Lord Griffith.
Come along now, Charlotte.
Pardon me.
Be careful, my lady.
You bastard!
Such discourtesy,
touching the princess' body!
Hey, old man!
Pardon my improper manner...
...Your Excellency Yurius.
What's keeping you?
Oh, it's nothing, Father.
We shall go, my lady.
Do you really need a reason...
...each time I decide to
lay my life on the line for you?
He said, "for you"...
I don't know if this is the
answer I've been looking for all my life.
But, for now...
I will fight with my sword for him!
All right, everyone!
Do you understand how
important this stronghold is?
No, sir!
Idiots!
You should know your history!
Listen, as a result of capturing
Doldrey, we could, for the first time...
...successfully split the enemy lines...
...and afterword, this
stronghold was built as our army's...
...staging point for
attacks against Midland.
Behold this road!
This road once functioned as the
most important pass for military troops...
...between Doldrey
and the Kingdom's territory.
However, since our
military forces seized this bridge...
...the tide of the war turned.
They were forced...
...to expose the heart of Midland
directly before our military forces.
According to the secret tactics...
...that have been handed down through
the Coborlwitz family for 300 years...
...capture a road, and
you will capture a victory.
To capture a victory, we
should strengthen our defense...
My defence is already planned!
Look...
...if the enemy attacks us,
they have to march over this bridge.
Therefore, the best soldiers from
the garrison will amass on the bridge.
It's a narrow stone bridge...
...so only a mounted soldier
or two can charge at a time.
Moreover, Chuder's
best crossbowmen...
...will be standing by
above the exterior gate.
Our crossbowmen will
definitely cut down the enemy leaders...
...as they march one by one.
It's perfect!
We'll deliver a severe
blow to the enemy...
...and thanks to my fantastic
scheme, we'll escape any damage!
You can trust me on this!
But, what if the enemy doesn't use
this bridge and attacks from our flanks?
You need not worry.
There is no bridge or ford along
the river within eight miles of here.
And, the river is so wide and deep that
even the best horse could not cross.
B-But, what if the
enemy makes a raft, and...
As you can see, we are in a
barren land of rocks and vineyards.
It is impossible to make rafts
because there aren't enough trees.
Even if the enemy made what
they could with the nearby trees...
...they wouldn't be able to send
enough of their troops over at once.
Or will they make
rafts out of the grapevines?
Why do we have to sortie
the minute Griffith gets better?
They depend on us in battle.
But, didn't they say...
...even the heavily equipped Golem
Knights failed to capture that castle?
I heard they were severely damaged.
Reportedly, two thirds of the
Knights were defeated on the bridge.
What, are you serious?
It's our turn.
We'll dispose of them.
Looking back, the morning comes.
Don't find your face in your glass.
Take the moonlight by the tail.
It's a rainy sight that you're shading.
What is that?
It's just the same.
What is trying on your crown?
I'm spending my
glass and walking back.
So wear my glass, you're fading.
I'm waiting so long.
I'm waiting...
Next Episode
Every man sacrifices
himself for his ambitions.
Especially when he
possesses a young heart...
...he is unable to
suppress his burning ambition.
To gain glories, and to lose dreams...
...those are the fates
one can scarcely avoid.
Conspiracy